Install xbuildenv into the cache directory by default (#148)
pyodide/pyodide-build: CHANGELOG.md

- The Rust toolchain version has been updated to `nightly-2025-01-18`.
  [#103](https://github.com/pyodide/pyodide-build/pull/103)

> - Pyodide cross-build environment will now be installed in the user cache directory by default,
>   which is `<home>/.cache` in unix system and `/Users/<user>/Library/Caches` in MacOS.
>   [#148](https://github.com/pyodide/pyodide-build/pull/148)
> 

Reviewer: (nit): macOS is also a Unix-based OS, so:

```suggestion
- Pyodide cross-build environment will now be installed in the user cache directory by default,
  which is `<home>/.cache` in Linux systems and `/Users/<user>/Library/Caches` in macOS.
  [#148](https://github.com/pyodide/pyodide-build/pull/148)
```
